Migration for winforms article clarifies update vs include (#156)
dotnet/docs-desktop: dotnet-desktop-guide/net/winforms/migration/index.md

### Resources and settings

> One thing to note about the difference between .NET Framework projects and the SDK-style projects used by .NET 5 is that .NET Framework projects use an opt-in model for code files. Any code file you wanted to compile needed to be explicitly defined in your project file. SDK-style projects are reverse, they default to opt-out behavior: All code files starting from the project's directory and below are automatically included in your project. You don't need to migrate these entries if they are simple and without settings. This is the same for other common files such as _resx_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One thing to note about the difference between .NET Framework projects and the SDK-style projects used by .NET 5 is that .NET Framework projects use an opt-in model for code files. Any code file you want to compile needs to be explicitly defined in your project file. SDK-style projects are reverse, they default to opt-out behavior: All code files starting from the project's directory and below are automatically included in your project. You don't need to migrate these entries if they are simple and without settings. This is the same for other common files such as _resx_.
```
